Ama-, it was the Lord,
-zing grace, it was the Lord,
How sweet, it was the Lord,
The sound, it was the Lord,
That saved, it was the Lord,
A wretch, it was the Lord,
Like me, it was the Lord,
I once, it was the Lord,
Was lost, it was the Lord,
But now, it was the Lord,
I am found, it was the Lord,
Was blind, it was the Lord,
But now, it was the Lord,
I see, it was the Lord.
Through many, it was the Lord.
Dangers, it was the Lord.
Toils, it was the Lord.
And snares, it was the Lord.
I have, it was the Lord.
Alrea-, it was the Lord.
-dy come, it was the Lord.
'Tis grace, it was the Lord.
has brought, it was the Lord.
me safe, it was the Lord.
thus far, it was the Lord.
And grace, it was the Lord.
Will lead, it was the Lord.
Me home, it was the Lord.
It was the lord. It was the lord.